Inarizaki Karasuno
Inarizaki seems to be adding their captain, Kita Shinsuke, back in.
Are they strengthening their defense?
I believe so.
Inarizaki seems stronger, both defensively and mentally, when he's on the court.
I probably shouldn't be the one to bring this up.
What?
Wouldn't putting me back in right now be passively defensive?
What?! This is my best offensive move!
The Miyas are totally on point today.
So if I'm putting you in, it means that the last thing they should do is step on the brakes.
We don't need the memories
To be honest, I don't like that motto.
It's not like the path is only in front of us.
Focusing and being rash are two different things.
I don't understand guys like them at all.
That said,
watching them does make my heart stir.
I'm not a player that can change the flow of things,
but I feel like I need to watch the backs of these guys who just keep running ahead.
Pretty sure I can do it now.
I bet...
you're in the same boat.
Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu
Haikyuu !
!
Haikyuu
We're not gonna quit now, we're not stopping here, we're not giving up
We're in the direst of straits We understand all that
But we're not quitting now, we're not stopping, we're not giving up
'Cause if we give up now It'll all be over
If we don't step up to the challenge, we'll never get a taste
Of the most exhilarating time of our lives
There's always been something we've lacked, something missing
Haven't you also hungered for it?
So we'll be coming at them fair and square
We're gonna play out this reality, all the sweet and all the sour
We wanna come straight at you with the greatest of finesse
We're torn toward that delight because that seems like the most fun
So there's no way we're giving up now
Not until we've tasted it all and are left grinning
So let's start smiling
Episode Twenty-three: The Birth of the Serene King
Got it!
Go again!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Looks like you don't have enough stamina.
Probably.
It's coming back.
We can score here!
Got it!
Synchronized attack!
We're not syncing up!
Their timing was off!
That mistake's gotta hurt for Karasuno High School!
Inarizaki Karasuno
Damn it! It was too high.
My b—
Could you not apologize?
I just didn't jump high enough.
Always jumping with the intention of hitting the ball over.
Always making sure there's enough distance for the running approach.
Hinata always does this?
Actually, even more than this?
Shut up.
I estimated wrong.
It's my mistake.
It's amazing how insincere you seem.
So, can you do this?
Of course.
We're gonna get the next one!
Yeah!
I'm pretty sure they still could've gone for the ball.
Let's nail this one!
Serving for Karasuno is Azumane Asahi.
He's definitely one of their best servers, but I'd say he's only been nailing about half of his serves today.
Things are still up in the air.
Well, they're behind in the final moments of the match.
I'm pretty sure he's feeling even more pressure than he's used to.
A hundred percent...
Bring it!
He did it! Azumane Asahi, showing us why he's the ace!
That's a service ace!
Nice, nice, Asahi! Push it, push it, Asahi! Do it again!
Good job, samurai boy!
Kick-ass serve!
Damn those geezers!
The Karasuno samurai...
He probably starts off at around 80 percent, then gradually gets more and more powerful throughout the match,
letting loose his full power at the very end.
Man, I'm hungry, Samu!
Same here, Tsumu.
Do it again!
Shinsuke!
Nice receive!
Captain Kita cleanly gets up that powerful serve!
Damn. I have no idea if I could've gotten that one.
Who's Miya Atsumu going to set to?
Please come together for a powerful two-man block!
Yes!
Help!
Got it!
Nice receive!
Man, what the hell?
This is definitely it!
Wait, he's in the back row!
It has to be now!
Every single time, "now" is the best chance we've got!
Twins' fast attack...
...minus tempo...
reverse!
Nice save!
I don't want to lose.
We can't lose.
I'm not gonna let it end like this!
Now, just watch me get the next one!
"I don't want to lose."
"We have to win."
How could we be so naive?
Victory and defeat are just results!
Our concept doesn't change.
This point right now...
...is what we're fighting for.
Synchronized attack!
During their match with Shiratorizawa, they didn't do a single back row attack.
They only did it once today as a surprise attack to cut off Atsumu's serves.
What's the point in doing an attack when you're not going to be there to back up your teammates?
I'm not here to protect my teammates.
Each and every one of us is here to score!
Inarizaki Karasuno Yeah!
Karasuno managed to grab hold of the distant Inarizaki from behind!
Yeah!
The goddess of victory turns her gaze toward Karasuno!
Inarizaki Karasuno Karasuno takes the lead!
Things seemed pretty grim when they couldn't score after Hinata's incredible receive.
Ever since that timeout, it seems like Karasuno is over whatever was dragging them down.
Damn, that was high.
Inarizaki High School's not wasting any time catching back up.
I think these eight seconds are my second favorite, after chow time.
Get it!
Kageyama, finish it off!
He definitely went after their setter.
Osamu!
Hey, it's that thing they did earlier.
Nah, I can't imagine they'd try that unreliable fast attack again so soon.
They're definitely going to do it.
You think so too, don't you?
One and a half blockers!
Inarizaki Karasuno
Inarizaki High School takes the lead back again!
One more!
Nice spike!
Not bad, Samu!
Right?!
Yeah!
Looks like the Karasuno blockers were distracted by Atsumu on the right for a bit.
I see.
I'm sure they're exhausted physically and mentally.
Damn, I want some carbs right now.
Tanaka!
Three blockers!
Nice spike!
Yes, yes, yes! Great job!
Yeah!
Tsukishima and Hinata still aren't the best servers,
so they're probably going to give up a point during this rotation.
But that's exactly why scoring here will mean so much!
Aran!
Got it!
Gotta touch it...
Gotta touch it, gotta touch it, gotta touch it, gotta touch it, gotta touch it, gotta touch it, gotta touch it, gotta touch it...
And no one expected that setter dump!
Hell yeah!
Hey! Snap out of it!
Save your regrets for later!
Just as Inarizaki's Kita moves to the front row,
they're putting Ginjima back in.
You got this.
Yes!
The powerful serve is spiked back almost immediately!
Yeah!
Looks like Inarizaki's going for the checkmate!
Inarizaki Karasuno Nice spike, Hitoshi!
Nice spike, Hitoshi! Push it, push it, Hitoshi! Do it again!
We're gonna stay calm.
We'll get that point!
Concentrate!
Damn it, you've got this!
It doesn't matter if you're tired!
It doesn't matter how good the other team is!
Who the hell cares if you're already doing your best?!
Try harder, damn it!
This is...
crazy.
Inarizaki Karasuno It feels weird.
I think I'm actually on a roll.
I feel like I'm seeing blocks better than I usually do.
Maybe that's why...
my instincts are telling me not to go any harder.
Kageyama...
I'm gonna swallow my pride and ask you to do this.
Cut back on how many sets you send my way for a bit.
No.
Inarizaki Karasuno
Get it!
Tanaka!
Kageyama!
Karasuno follows one fast attack up with another!
But Ojiro managed to get the ball up! Can they keep the rally going?!
They're not gonna be able to get off a decent attack!
Holy shit.
Both setters are some of the best in the nation!
They're showing off some insane moves!
Inarizaki Karasuno No.
We need your attacks, Tanaka.
That...
wasn't him trying to make me feel better.
Kageyama!
It's normal not to know what others are thinking.
You need to know the current state of the match and your teammates' conditions.
Ever since the end of the first set, Tanaka definitely hasn't been doing bad at all.
He's been staying calm even at times he'd usually go crazy.
That cross-court spike he pulled off was amazing.
But is that really Tanaka's best weapon?
Everyone on our team is good at what they do.
No,
that's not for me to decide.
After landing so many insane attacks,
even at the end of this match, with long rallies, recovering from messed-up receives...
It's not too short, not too long, not too close, nor too far.
A beautiful set stretches over our side.
Send it further, right to the very edge.
I need to give my spikers options!
Ever since that insane cut shot,
it's been subtle, but the blockers have definitely shifted for a cross-court spike.
Another path that Tanaka pried open for us.
That wasn't him trying to make me feel better.
I'll make all the trust he put in me...
the right decision!
A spike right on the line!
I can't believe how close that was!
Yeah!
Tanaka Ryuunosuke makes his presence known once again!
That really was an insane straight spike!
And his positioning suggested he was going for another cross-court spike!
Nice, Ryuu!
Nice set!
Nice spike.
Where...
Where the hell'd Goody Two-Shoes go?
What the hell happened in this short amount of time?
Karasuno High School's Tanaka Ryuunosuke just sliced through Inarizaki's defense with that spike!
That guy's weird.
Ma, shh!
Haikyuu!!
Inarizaki Karasuno
Karasuno shows no signs of slowing down, but Inarizaki's at match point.
A service error or a serve that's too easy to receive...
will mean that Karasuno loses.
I know I don't need to guard my head,
but I still want to protect it!
Seriously, what the hell's his deal?
Did you see those nerves of steel?! That unbreakable concentration?!
An amazing service ace ties them up once again!
This is Kageyama Tobio!
Yes!
This is going beyond amazing to annoying.
Bring it!
Seriously.
His play today...
Up front!
At the very last possible second,
Kageyama seemed to know exactly what the receivers were thinking and dropped the serve up front!
Let's go!
With lightning speed, Karasuno gets one right down the middle!
Yeah!
Inarizaki Karasuno
They knew their opponents were thrown off their game!
What an incredibly fast hit down the middle!
Now Karasuno's nearing checkmate!
Nice receive!
You're only the ace if you can attack and defend!
They knew exactly what they were doing there! Ginjima scores on the left!
I'm pretty sure they're all exhausted by now, but they didn't give the blockers even the slightest hint.
What a beautiful set.
Even though we're at the very end of the match, he's not thrown off at all,
and Atsumu seemed to know what they were thinking when he set the ball.
That guy's definitely a prodigy.
It's painful playing the same position as him.
Kageyama's serves are crazy too.
Man, I wish I had talent too.
I don't remember when, but someone once asked me this.
"You're not a starter, so isn't it hard to have such a prodigy who's younger than you on the same team?"
I'm not sure what qualifies as a "prodigy,"
but I understood what they were trying to say.
There happen to be people who think that someone like Atsumu was just born a talented player.
However,
everything I do every day, on a scale from one to ten,
guys like Atsumu do on a scale from one to twenty.
Or it's a more effective ten,
or a denser ten.
And sometimes, instead of one to ten, they try things from A to Z.
That's what goes through their heads.
Even if they mess up sometimes, or they're hated by strangers, or they get cast out,
or if they completely ignore something we'd consider important,
they just have to do it.
Even if they start coughing up blood, they're the guys who just wanna keep running.
I touched it!
There are plenty of guys in this world who we're no match for,
and it's natural to find people like that amazing.
I think being able to dive headfirst into things is a talent in and of itself,
and it doesn't matter what you call them.
And it's not like "prodigy" is an insult.
But if you're thinking they're prodigies from the start,
that just means you've lost before you even faced them.
And it's rude.
Sorry, it's long!
Karasuno manages to dig out another one!
What a long rally! Their sheer willpower is on display!
Damn it... Just five more centimeters...
I should be able to reach that!
Jump higher!
Reach it!
Shit!
His foot!
Hinata Shouyou shows incredible balance and instinct!
Inarizaki Karasuno
Karasuno somehow manages to stop Inarizaki from getting back-to-back points!
Wow, I'm sure Hinata plays with the ball all the time.
Damn it!
Don't get tired now!
I know you didn't mean anything by it.
Sorry for going on that rant.
No...
I think it'd be worse if I said that without thinking.
Damn, my brain is gonna be sore tonight.
Complain, damn it!
Complain? Why would I?
Gimme the next one too!
I thought Kageyama had nothing to be scared of anymore.
But...
it's not just the other team that can push you beyond your limits.
I'm moved, Shouyou.
The only thing I'm sure of is that the day will come when I finally get it
It doesn't matter if I make some mistakes along the way as long as I hold onto these feelings
In my dreams I wanted to throw off the yoke of gravity and reality
But the day in day out of bringing it all together had me grounded
The boy who acted all tough like he wasn't scared of anything
Still hasn't been torn away from the sweat of fierce competition
But he's not just hoping for miracles anymore
We can go anywhere we want to because one day our dream will come true
It was no mere coincidence that we made it this far
Every time we're forced from the stage I always wanna get right back on it
And I can hold onto that strong desire because you were there
Episode Twenty-four: Monsters' Ball
Next time: "Monsters' Ball."